= Oct. 20th =

- Will the Youth be helping with Baskets this year?

Nov 7th Combined Activity
  - Teachers in charge of refreshments
  - Matt to discuss leadership and analogy of missionary work
  - "Bigger/Better" 
    Get into groups and exchange for something bigger and better, 
      no money
      no going to your own house
      
Dec. Combined Activity
  - YM and YW work together for Point Meadows activity

Planning Retreat - Nov. 22nd and 23rd - 4pm til Noon
  - Big Rec Center at the "Man Camp"
  - YW to do dinner
  - YM to do breakfast
    - Report back next week for what breakfast will be
  - Priests and Swol Bois (Laurels) to figure out the spiritual discussion/fireside

Sunday School Feedback
  - We like small classes
  - People talk too much in big classes
  - Not a big enough place for larger classes

Ministering
  - Bob and Nathan have been coming to class and they seem to be doing well
  - Jack is coming a little more often, so that is good
  - Rain still goes to her old ward
  - 

Prayer List
  - James
  - Ethan Heath
  - Ethan Jones
  - Brandon Hendrix - prayer to help him blessing sacrament
  - Danny - to feel welcome
  - Gracie Lopez
  - Kaylee
  - Justice
  - Charlotte

Sacrament Talk
  - Allie Loves to speak
  - Jennifer Kirkham
  - Abigail
  - Zach Clark
  - Mikey Clark
  - Liam Beecroft
  - Ethan Jones

Sacrament Topics
  - Resisting Temptation
  - Gratitude
  - Service
  - Charity
  - Spiritual Self Reliance
  - Becoming More Christlike

= March 17th =
Combined

- Missionary activity
- "Do you have my name" activity
- Jeopardy from conference

= Nov. 18th =

- Feedback on the Youth Planning Retreat
  - Would have been good to discuss combined activities together before splitting up
  - It was fun, we go done what we needed to get done
  - Stake didn't give us the list of 12 self-reliance principles in time.
=  =

- Jeremy and Josh come up to YM?
- Deacons and Teachers would like 1 more advisor
- New Deacons and Teachers quorum Presidencies
- $600 for a big tent
- What do we do about the YW combined with the Fundraiser

- Fundraiser
  - We need to be allowed to invite outside the ward
  - We need to define roles and responsibilites for YM vs YW
  - Menu
    - Pulled pork, potato bar, slaw, autioned desserts
    - Goat auction + insurance
- Matt to ask Johnny Revel to aution
- $20 per family
 
YW assignments
- Coordinate slaw + donated desserts
- All silent auction items coordinated
- Tickets for dinner
- Front entry. Able to buy flags, garbage cleaning, raffle tickets, entry fee

YM assignments
- All food
- Raffle tickets
- Live auction
- All major donations

= Oct. 21st = 
Adams Family

= Yearly Planning Meeting =
Very high level yearly plan for activities and other things we want to do.
Monthly Themes and possible activities for the months


Location still up in the air
- Sleeping arrangments
- TODO: bring list of potential month themes beforehand

Guesstimate 30 Youth
- Friday Dinner - Pizza + Drinks - 6 Costco pizzas $70
- Friday Evening Snacks - Hot chocolate + Donuts - $40
- Saturday Breakfast - Breakfast Burritos - Tortillas, potatos, sausage, onions, salsa, ketchup, cheese, chocolate milk, milk, some fruit. $80
- Saturday Lunch - Hoagies - Bread, Meat, cheese, tomatos, lettuce, mayo, mustard, chips, Drink.

Tortillas
potatoes
sausage
onions
salsa
ketchup
cheese
milk
chocolate milk
some fruit

Hoagie buns
deli meat
cheese
tomatoes
lettuce
mayo
mustard
chips
drinks

- Friday 
  - 5:00pm - Meet @ Church and Eat pizza
  - 5:45pm - Drive to location (or stay at church if doing it at the church building)
  - (6:00pm) - (If at the church, then we'll do an activity instead of driving)
  - 7:00pm - Devotional by Bishop
  - 8:00pm - Evening snack/Hanging out/Having fun
- Saturday
  - 8:30am - Breakfast
  - 9:30am - Packup gear
  - 10:00am - Fun Activity
  - 11:00am - Main Planning Session
  - 1:00pm - Lunch
  - 2:00pm - Cleanup/Drive Home

QUESTIONS: 
- Do we want to do an activity before the planning session.
- Should we plan an evening activity


= Sep. 16th =
- Ethan leaving after Sacrament 
- Danny Fadely went to 2nd hour class! And I believe 3rd hour. Also was doing trash
- Nov. 9th + 10th for the Annual Planning outing.
