- Tasks
  - Update principals on the frontier training slides
  - Gabe: put an agenda item about the Empathy Developer
    - Explain it/pass it off with Jeff/Roger
  - Gabe: Get selloff to hold a 1/month meeting for Passing off Skill Badge. (with food???)
  - Jakob: Build a PWA from scratch to learn and get data about it.
  - Joey: Core Team training topics, schedules, etc
  - Logan: Formalize and organize planning for Skills Badge Training


- Architecture Astronauts
  - Our architecture needs to be with the input of all of us
  - We don't want to abstract ourselves away from the problem.
  - Core Goals/Principals of the Team
    - Stack + Architecture
    - Devops
    - Docs + Training


- What do we try to avoid?
  - No roadmaps for path to new technology
  - Being too "important" to be approachable
  - Being an Ivory tower that just tells others what to do (help them understand the Why)
  - Giving mandates that the users might know better about the situtation than us
  - Deciding on stack items that abstract too much from tooling, IDEs, etc


- What are we doing well?
  - Great knowledge base
  - Provide good tools/help
  - Motivated to learn and experiment


- Do we give these impressions to others?
  - Are we out of touch? 
  - Are we not delivering?
  - Are we getting in their way?
  - Do we change for change's sake?
  - Do we strongarm teams too much? 


- Technical Discussion
  - What does Architecture look like?
    - Light/Small
    - Composable
    - Cacheable
    - Experiments
      - Better logging/insights
      - Less flakiness
    - Strong Orchestration
      - View-centric API
    - Potential option for real-time
      - Out of Band Async
    - Move off Heroku?
    - Mobile First
      - Off-line
      - PWA
      - Responsive
    - Global
      - Better international growth
        - Small devices outsite of US and Europe
        - Teams writing desktop first isn't helping anyone
        - Having better smaller customizable chunks to send to devices
        - We don't have great data behind analyzing our Global usage and experience
  - Technology to Look at
    - Serverless
      - Lambda
      - Firebase
      - Appsync
    - Static Content
      - Edge Caching
    - PWA
      - Service Workers
      - AMP
    - Auth
      - JWT
      - Browser API
    - Notifications
      - Push Notifications
    - Offline 
      - Caching/Storage
    - Web Components
      - Webpack
      - Rollup
      - Native
      - Polymer
    - Containers
    - SEO
    - HTTP2
      - Push
  - Gaps
    - Debug-ability of our tools
    - Forcing 1 shape fits all
    - People having skills of our tools
    - Onboarding is good not great
    - Mobile Native relationship is lacking
    - Automation
      - Merging PRs and such
    - Slow adoption
      - Architecture not flexible
    - Auto-scaling not smart, powerful, flexible
    - Browser testing
  
      
- Training We Need
  - Akamai
  - Service Workers
  - Orchestration
    - GraphQL
  - Serverless
  - PWA
    - Offline Data
    - Syncing
  - ES Modules
  - Containers
  - AWS Products
  - Monitoring


- Process
  - Stale PRs in Github
  - Rotating Core Member?
  - Balance of time for Investigation/Learning
  - Balance of time for Docs/Training Skills etc.
  - Empathy Developer
    - No Story Points that iteration
    - Shields other devs from distractions
    - Monitoring Slack Channel like a hawk
    - Merging through PRs
    - Updating docs, skills program, etc.
    - Tech Exploration
    - Working on Trello Backlog/painpoint items? Cleaning up trello board?
  - Roadblocks
  - Metrics
    - Average PR time to sit
    - How fast to reply to questions in slack?
    - Slackbot - "Did we satisfy your problem"?
    - Using Bonusly to give micro-recognitions, and tracking that
    
    
- Potential Questions for a Survey
  - How have you been helped by the core team recently
  - How do you feel the health of the stack is today
  - How is the core team doing at ...
  - Has the core team done anything to really help with your ...
  - Has the core team done anything to hurt you with your ...
  - What is the biggest painpoint in working with Frontier Core Team?
  - What training do you wish you had that we can provide?
  - How productive/beneficial do you feel the Frontier Federation and/or Frontier Shared meetings are? How could they be improved?

