= Oct. 20th =

Tasks
  - Jack and Jelly to deliver cookies to Ethan and Ethan
  - Bishop to talk to Sis. Dayley about Point Meadows

Blessing the Sacrament volunteers 
  - Bro. Baldwin + Bro Latimer

Combined Activity
- Sis. Dayley works at Mountain Point - Talk to her about coordinating an activity night
- Bishop to talk to Sis. Dayley about the Mountain Point
- Jelly to bring up the talents in BYC
- 1 song as a group, with practice, parts, etc. 
- Jack in charge of refreshments
  - Donuts and hot chocolate afterwards

Lesson Assignments
  - 2nd week November - Joey and Jack - Why is it important to gain an education and develop skills?
  - 4th week November - Jelly and Bishop - Why is work an important gospel principle?
  - 2nd week Dec - Bro. Mortenson - Spiritual Gifts

Upcoming Activities
- Oct. 24th - Bike ride on Jordan River Trail and spiritual reflection / Classic roller skating rink as backup
- Oct. 31st - Cancelled for Halloween
- Nov. 7th - Teachers Combined activity
- Nov. 14th - Kitchen Skills
- Nov. 21st - Iron Man Chef Cookoff
- Nov. 28th - Cancelled for Thanksgiving

- December is Bishop helping with Programming/Electronics


Comments/Improvements
- More Activities in our classes/lessons
- Better communication of activities

= Sep 15th =

Assignments
Luke to be in charge of shutin assignments and coordinate with the boys and with Elder Quorum President
  Continue to coordinate with Bishop about who is on the list
Jelly to organize blessing of the sacrament

Lesson Assignments	
4th sunday sep	Joey and Jelly
2nd Oct	Bro. Matt Mortenson - Patience
4th Oct	Bishop Dayley - Gratitude


= May 19th =
- We are in charge of the combined activity. Mini-golf with homemade holes!
  - Lets talk about it
- Seminary meeting today
- Next week lesson is on Elder Holland's talk "Behold the Lamb of God"

= Assignments =
- text and invite ethan to church
- invite ethan eldridge and Daven Morten to Summer Camp 
- BBQ and swimming party Guest list to be determined
- Bring 2 scriptures to next meeting in 2 weeks
- Joey to ask around for putters.
 
= Visits =
- Bill & Kaye Powell
- The Halls - look for service opportunities
 
 
== talks ==
- Heathan - Invite with cookies
- 


= Feb 17th =

= Todo =
- Miles and Joey should talk to Wes Turner about doing a firearm training. Cleaning/building, etc.
- Reach out to L'Dean Turner
- Visit Bill + Kaye Powell
- Visit the Halls this month
- 
- Bishop invite Ethan for blessing
- Brandon + Travis Hendrix to bless? Shutins first?

= Upcoming Lessons =

- March 10th - Joey/Matt/Brandon - Atonement/ How can the Savior help me in my trials
- March 24th - Bishop + Marcus - Repentance + What is Grace?

= Notes =
- Brent avoid that brand. Ask Jenny Allred
- Is 10 deacons the right way to go? "Hard to break bread fast enough". Do we need to tweak this?
- Have the teachers being ushers. Goal of filling seats in front before we need to open the overflow
  - Shut the doors during sacrament hymn

Drop off cookies to Brandon + Ethan Heath or Ethan Jones if Heath isnt there

= Assignments = 

******************* ******************* ******************* *******************
= Todo =
- Miles will do spiritual assignment for next Presidency Meeting
- Joey talk to Jeff from work about what wood working project we could do for Auction
- Joey Talk to Brent about getting 2 deacon assigned each week for shutins
- Miles and Joey should talk to Wes Turner about doing a firearm training. Cleaning/building, etc.

= Upcoming Lessons =
- January 27th 
  - Conducting - Miles
  - Lesson - Sacrament Prayers
  - Teacher - Bishop Dayley
- February 10th
  - Conducting - Miles
  - Lesson - Why do we have adversity?
  - Teacher - Joey/Ben

= Notes =
- Miles to report to Ward Council about L'Dean and a study group for Come Follow Me
- Visit with the Hendrixes was great. Brandon is excited about Blessing the sacrament and 
- Talk to Javi about screen printing for the Auction
- Thursday 24th Planning and Party at Bishops
- February Visits as a Presidency
  - Wes Turner
  - Heather Sorenson
- Calendar Items
  - Sunday 27th Fireside at 4pm
  - February 1st Priests Quorum Presidency Meeting
  - 

= Assignments = 
- Blessing Sacrament Assignments
  - 1/27 - Jack, Miles, Ethan
  - 2/3 - Marcus, Luke, Ben
  - 2/10 - Jack, Miles, Ethan
  - 2/17 - Marcus, Luke, Ben
- Shutins Assignments
  - 1/27 - Marcus
  - 2/3 - Jack
  - 2/10 - Ben
  - 2/17 - Miles
  
