= Oct. 4th =
Huntington Resevoir for sledding/ice fishing
Make hammock from scratch
Make halfpipe/longboards/skateboards



= Sep 24th =

= Aug 13th =
We need to have 2 visits per week as a YM Presidency
  This can be a good excuse to get into the doors of families 
  with boys and speak with the parents about what they need

Find out if any boys withouth a priesthood holder in the home would like a Priesthood blessing for upcoming school year.
  Zach
  Johnsons

Names
Zach Evans + Talen Getner


Plan a calendar around certain topics.
Maybe career exploration, physical activities, 
Scuba certification?
White water rafting?
Grand Canyon Trip/Havasupai?
Florida Scout camp Seabase?
Build Paddleboards
Building LongBows? Ted Peck
Build a black powder rifle from Cabelas


= ---------Presidency Meeting - Feb 21st----------= 

Phone/Technology Issues
  -Bring hard scriptures

***********************************************************************************************************************************************************************
Bring someone on to be in charge of fundraising.  
  Daven Morton son of Forrest Harris?
  

Schedule + Meetings
  Board of Review on 1st Thursday of the month  @ 6:30pm
  March is older boys for BoR
  April is 11 year old for BoR
  May is COH
  June is Deacons for BoR
  July is Olders for BoR
  Aug is COH
  Sep is 11 year old for Bor
  Oct is Deacons for BoR
  Nov is COH
  Dec is Older boys for BoR

  Starting in February and every 3rd month is Court of Honor in the Primary Room
  Committee meeting once per month on Sunday at 9am, will pass that off with Max to see when he can come too.


Leaders really need to keep track of ScoutBook online.
Sis. Whitehead will keep the physical board up to date with scoutbook

Scout Master Review needs to be more Formal

If the boys could be more formal about assignments in scoutbook, then they'd have service written down

We would like the Klondike to be Voluntary, and the boy has to pay 100% of the payments. ($18) - leaders are free


*********************************************************************************************************************************************************************
Presidency Meeting - Jan 9th

We are planning on someone spear heading Flags. Potentially Forrest Harris. Brent will talk to Cory Maloy about next steps

Ask boys if there is any interest in the Klondike
  Ted Peck cabin instead? Ice fishing, sledding, etc.

RC Willey handing out hotdogs for a fundraiser?
Teachers are in charge of Bread, Salad, and dressing.

3rd sunday after church is BYC after church

Restocking bishops storehouse for some good service.

Have Miles do the new Route with 8 people.

**********************************************************************************************************************************************************************
 BYC - Jan 15th

