- Deacons and Teachers would like 1 more advisor
  - Jeremy and Josh come up to YM?
- New Deacons and Teachers quorum Presidencies
- $600 for a big tent
- What do we do about the YW combined with the Fundraiser

- Fundraiser
  - We need to be allowed to invite outside the ward
  - We need to define roles and responsibilites for YM vs YW
  - Menu
    - Pulled pork, potato bar, slaw, autioned desserts
    - Goat auction + insurance
- Matt to ask Johnny Revel to aution
- $20 per family
 
YW assignments
- Coordinate slaw + donated desserts
- All silent auction items coordinated
- Tickets for dinner
- Front entry. Able to buy flags, garbage cleaning, raffle tickets, entry fee

YM assignments
- All food
- Raffle tickets
- Live auction
- All major donations


= Missionary Goals =
- 1 baptism by the end of year for each Auxilary.
- 1 person attend church
- Non-members have ministers
- Having 2 people recieve temple recommends/priesthood

= Scripture - Spirit - Story =
- Different YM need different levels of guidance.
- Asking better, more quided questions
- Teacher's Quorum in charge of bread 
- Fast Offerings
  - Everyone gets a meaningful opportunity to donate to fast offerings each month

- Fundraiser for next year. Think of ideas
- Stake Calendar to come out right after General Conference

= Annual Planning activity =
  - Have the YM plan it
  
  1. Annual Plan for the year
    - Gauge interest in what the boys want to do beforehand
  2. Some element of fun/activities
  3. Some spiritual element


= Youth Meeting For Ward Council Prep =

= PEC Sep 24th =
Brandon Hendrix - Text them and keep them informed
Zach Evans - Met with Dad. Getting pressure for Eagle from Grandpa
  Lehi City Flags for disaster for wards
Jack Gordon - not able to visit
James Ellis - Need to do better on Duty to God. Loved Scout Camp.
Heath - 

Need to reach out to 10/11 year old boy. Is it Bro. Harris or Wandless or something?
Gurneys could use some service

= WC Oct 8th =

- Gordons's  
- Evan's  
- Dayley's  
  
  
  
5:00 - halloween activities
5:30 - 6:30 For Trunk or Treat

15th - Javier, christlike love
22nd - Jordan How can I learn to be more patient
29th Sunday, Bishopric combined

- Legacy Branch and Harmony Hills in November
New building by maverick is Harmony Hills
Legacy 10:20-11:10 then immedietly following, do an 
abbreviated program and sacrament in Harmony Hills. 11:30-12:00
5 YM to pass each week. 
YM/YW do a combined musical number

- Ward Christmas party - Breakfast idea

- Assign Javier to be in the Ward Missionary Representative.

= PEC - Sep 10th =
== Focus on bringing individuals and families to Christ ==
Getners - 


Zach and Talen for the names

= PEC - August 13th =
== Notes ==
- Sacrament finished 10 minutes beforehand
- Clear helpers with Bishopric first
- Stake Temple week coming up
- Still want to meet for YM and YW.

- --Visits - 2/week--


= PEC - June 11th =
== Living the Gospel of Jesus Christ ==
- Spiritual Thought: Sister Castagnetto
 
== Gathering Israel ==
- Make sure Anthony gets an opportunity to bless the sacrament.
 
== Care for the Poor and Needy ==
=== Fast offerings ==
- For the next few months pair all deacons with an adult  
- Make sure the adult doesn't do all of it.  
- YM not coming to all doors?  
- Pres Boyd has asked us to visit every home, even if they say they pay online.  
- Involve the new Deacon Quorum Presidency in balancing the routes  

July 15- Saratoga springs crop assignment 

= Ward Council - May 21st =
== Legacy Ward - 3rd week of June for YM ==
- Need 1 member of Presidency to be a speaker
- 1 youth speaker (male or female)
- Be there at 10:15am


