= Sep 15th =

Handbook 2 - 13 : Activities

Bikes - Find 
Get count of boys without bikes
Zach lead the tune up course
Go to Lambert Loop


= Aug. 25th =

- New Youth Protection Training
- Seminary Invites
  - Ethan Jones
  - Daven Morten
  - Zach Clark
  - Alexander Joseph Bartlet
  - James Ellis
  - Will Fadely
- Bullying
- Moaning Game


- Meet with the parents to discuss these over arching themes of bullying, inappropriate games

- Teach the boys to consult leaders, not take matters into your own hands, be creative in being inviting

- Remove toys/games/balls/distractions during activities.
- Give Keegan steps to success
  - Keegan being out of control
  - Asked to leave might be helpful at times

- Guidelines Going Forward
  - 2 Deep Leadership, deacons bathroom situation wasn't ideal/correct. 
  - When we plan a camp, make sure we have a better purpose and a better structure
  - More safety minded. boys swimming around the bay, Brandon going off on his own

- Danny Fadely would like to get the priesthood, neither of them have it

= Summer Trip Outline =
Starvation Lake - (backup of bear lake with some caves bloomington lake)
Scuba a few times - Tubing for the other boys during that time
Service Project - Contact park rangers for a service project
Boating - tubing
Spikeball, 
zombicide
Fishing
Movie night
Hike

Good food -> Mac n Cheese Kraft
crossaint dough, on a stick, fill it with dessert stuff
offroading?

Wed - 
grab lunch
quesarito
smoritos dessert
Thur -
fruit yogurt cereal
make own sandwich
burger and dogs and homemade french fries
smores
little debbies snacks
Fri - 
omelettes + charles special eggs
Grilled on camp chef totinos pizzas
Dinner in town
dutch oven cobbler
Sat - 
leftovers and muffins
leftovers for lunch




= May 19th =
- 4th Sunday Lesson in May needs to be Elder Holland from this last conference, "Behold the Lamb of God"
- Flag Setup all planned out with new people from Auction? And we're just leaving the flag, right?
- 

= Stake Visitors =
Focus on Gathering of Israel
BYC should be as effective as Ward Council
  How do we bring revelation and next steps for BYC?
  What is the purpose of the presidency meeting and what needs to be brought to BYC?
Evaluate our spiritual connection with our spouses, strengthen that.



= April 28th =
  - Deacons to visit to Kimball, Ben and Danny
  - Stetson (11 or 12) living with Troy Wandless
  - Teachers
    - Trying to make the Teachers have more positive, less sarcasm
    - Focusing on Will, Alan, James, and Alex
  - Priests
    - Needs a lesson on hygiene!!! Washing our hands in preparation of sacrament. Be clean physically

- 4th Sunday Lesson in May needs to be Elder Holland from this last conference, "Behold the Lamb of God"

- Graduating Seniors Activity
    ADDRESS?!?
    Dinner at 5pm on May 5th
    6pm Broadcast
    7pm Testimony meeting

 = Feb 17th =
7:30 Sunday Stake Conference
Mission Prep + Temple Prep starting next week - Potentially 4pm???
Scouting For Food. March 16th


= January 27th =
- Flags a freebie for the first flag of the year. 
- Should/could we split the Teachers and Priests for the weeklong?
  - Maybe the boys choose either go to the Deacons weeklong or go to the Teacher's weeklong?
  - 
  
alsbnh@msn.com
  
- Parker Allred
  - Liam Beecroft
  - Thanner Jones
  - Hadyn Harding
  
- 3rd week of July for Weeklong Deacons scouts


= May 20th =
- YM Parade Float and YM. What are we gonna be doing?
  - Float Kickoff on May 30th. 7pm at the Pavilion
  - The Ward Missionary Committee and Josh Osterhout is in main charge of it
  - Figure out who needs to get logins
  - Game night on Fridays that aren't on Waffle Fridays
    - This could help get Jack invited

Each quorum bring a treat to the Pool Party in June.

QUESTIONS:
- Bishop wants to teach a lesson on 1 month a sunday?

= Oct. 4th =
Huntington Resevoir for sledding/ice fishing
Make hammock from scratch
Make halfpipe/longboards/skateboards



= Sep 24th =

= Aug 13th =
We need to have 2 visits per week as a YM Presidency
  This can be a good excuse to get into the doors of families 
  with boys and speak with the parents about what they need

Find out if any boys withouth a priesthood holder in the home would like a Priesthood blessing for upcoming school year.
  Zach
  Johnsons

Names
Zach Evans + Talen Getner


Plan a calendar around certain topics.
Maybe career exploration, physical activities, 
Scuba certification?
White water rafting?
Grand Canyon Trip/Havasupai?
Florida Scout camp Seabase?
Build Paddleboards
Building LongBows? Ted Peck
Build a black powder rifle from Cabelas


= ---------Presidency Meeting - Feb 21st--------- =

Phone/Technology Issues
  -Bring hard scriptures

***********************************************************************************************************************************************************************
Bring someone on to be in charge of fundraising.  
  Daven Morton son of Forrest Harris?
  

Schedule + Meetings
  Board of Review on 1st Thursday of the month  @ 6:30pm
  March is older boys for BoR
  April is 11 year old for BoR
  May is COH
  June is Deacons for BoR
  July is Olders for BoR
  Aug is COH
  Sep is 11 year old for Bor
  Oct is Deacons for BoR
  Nov is COH
  Dec is Older boys for BoR

  Starting in February and every 3rd month is Court of Honor in the Primary Room
  Committee meeting once per month on Sunday at 9am, will pass that off with Max to see when he can come too.


Leaders really need to keep track of ScoutBook online.
Sis. Whitehead will keep the physical board up to date with scoutbook

Scout Master Review needs to be more Formal

If the boys could be more formal about assignments in scoutbook, then they'd have service written down

We would like the Klondike to be Voluntary, and the boy has to pay 100% of the payments. ($18) - leaders are free


*********************************************************************************************************************************************************************
Presidency Meeting - Jan 9th

We are planning on someone spear heading Flags. Potentially Forrest Harris. Brent will talk to Cory Maloy about next steps

Ask boys if there is any interest in the Klondike
  Ted Peck cabin instead? Ice fishing, sledding, etc.

RC Willey handing out hotdogs for a fundraiser?
Teachers are in charge of Bread, Salad, and dressing.

3rd sunday after church is BYC after church

Restocking bishops storehouse for some good service.

Have Miles do the new Route with 8 people.

**********************************************************************************************************************************************************************
 BYC - Jan 15th

